pabcnetcclear: update page (#7532)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/windows/pabcnetcclear.md

> Preprocess and compile PascalABC.NET source files.
> More information: <http://pascalabc.net>.

- Compile a given source file into an executable with the same name:

`pabcnetcclear {{path/to/file.pas}}`

- Compile a given source file into an executable with the specified name:

`pabcnetcclear /Output:{{path/to/file.pas}} {{path/to/file.pas}}`

> - Compile a given source file into an executable with the same name along with/without debug info:

Reviewer: Is debug symbols?
```suggestion
- Compile a given source file into an executable with the same name along with/without debug information:
```

`pabcnetcclear {{path/to/file.pas}}`

- Compile a source file into an executable with the specified name:

`pabcnetcclear /Output:{{path/to/file.pas}} {{path/to/file.pas}}`

- Compile a source file into an executable with the same name along with or without debug info:

`pabcnetcclear /Debug:{{0|1}} {{path/to/file.pas}}`

- Allow units to be searched in a path while compiling a source file into an executable with the same name:

`pabcnetcclear /SearchDir:{{path/to/dir}} {{path/to/file.pas}}`

> - Compile a source file into an executable with the specified name and defined symbols:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Compile a source file into an executable, defining a symbol:
```
